Exercises come from the following link https://pynative.com/python-basic-exercise-for-beginners/
There are some solutions and hints posted there for each exercise, tho I will not look at them to encourage myself to find my own way to solve each of them.
If I do end up looking at a hint or a solution, I'll state so (credits are important)

Exercise 1: Calculate the multiplication and sum of two numbers
Given two integer numbers return their product only if the product is equal to or lower than 1000, else return their sum.

Exercise 2: Print the sum of the current number and the previous number
Write a program to iterate the first 10 numbers and in each iteration, print the sum of the current and previous number.

Exercise 3: Print characters from a string that are present at an even index number
Write a program to accept a string from the user and display characters that are present at an even index number.
For example, str = "pynative" so you should display ‘p’, ‘n’, ‘t’, ‘v’.

Exercise 4: Remove first n characters from a string
Write a program to remove characters from a string starting from zero up to n and return a new string.
For example:
remove_chars("pynative", 4) so output must be tive. Here we need to remove first four characters from a string.

Exercise 5: Check if the first and last number of a list is the same
Write a function to return True if the first and last number of a given list is same. If numbers are different then return False.

Exercise 6: Display numbers divisible by 5 from a list
Iterate the given list of numbers and print only those numbers which are divisible by 5

Exercise 7: Return the count of a given substring from a string
Write a program to find how many times substring “Emma” appears in the given string.

Exercise 8: Print the following pattern
1
2 2
3 3 3
4 4 4 4
5 5 5 5 5

Exercise 9: Check Palindrome Number
Write a program to check if the given number is a palindrome number.
A palindrome number is a number that is same after reverse. For example 545, is the palindrome numbers

Exercise 10: Create a new list from a two list using the following condition
Given a two list of numbers, write a program to create a new list such that the new list should contain odd numbers from the first list and even numbers from the second list.

Exercise 11: Write a Program to extract each digit from an integer in the reverse order.
For example, If the given int is 7536, the output shall be “6 3 5 7“, with a space separating the digits.

